Increases customizability of activation functions (#1146)
chemprop/chemprop: docs/source/tutorial/cli/train.rst

 * :code:`--message-hidden-dim <n>` Hidden dimension of the messages in the MPNN (default 300)
 * :code:`--depth <n>` Number of message-passing steps (default 3)
 * :code:`--dropout <n>` Dropout probability in the MPNN & FFN layers (default 0)

>  * :code:`--activation <activation_type>` The activation function used in the MPNN and FNN layers. Options include :code:`relu`, :code:`leakyrelu`, :code:`prelu`, :code:`tanh`, and :code:`elu`. (default :code:`relu`)

Author: ```suggestion
 * :code:`--activation <activation_type>` The activation function used in the MPNN and FNN layers. Run :code:`chemprop train -h` to see a list of activation functions supported via CLI.
```
